docs: add submariner get-stared (#2774)
spidernet-io/spiderpool: docs/usage/submariner.md

# Multi-Cluster Networking Solution Based on Submariner

**English** | [**简体中文**](./submariner-zh_CN.md)

## Backaround

Why Spiderpool need a multi-cluster network connectivity solution? Spiderpool requires a multi-cluster network connectivity solution for the following reasons: if our different clusters are distributed in the same data center, their networks are naturally interconnected. However, if they are spread across different data centers, the cluster subnets are isolated from each other and cannot communicate directly across data centers. Therefore, Spiderpool needs a multi-cluster network connectivity solution to address the issue of cross-data center multi-cluster network access.

[Submariner](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner) is an open-source multi-cluster network connectivity solution that uses tunneling technology to establish direct communication between Pods and Services in different Kubernetes clusters (running locally or in the public cloud). For more information, please refer to the [Submariner Document](https://submariner.io/). We can leverage Submariner to assist Spiderpool in addressing cross-data center multi-cluster network access issues.

> we will provide a detailed explanation of this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sections below provide a detailed explanation of this feature.
```

## Network Topology Diagram

![spiderpool_submariner.png](../images/submariner.png)

This network topology diagram provides the following information:

* Clusters ClusterA and ClusterB are distributed across different data centers, and their respective cluster underlay subnets (172.110.0.0/16 and 172.111.0.0/16) cannot communicate directly due to network isolation in different data center networks. The gateway nodes can communicate with each other through the ens192 interface (10.6.0.0/16).

* The two clusters are connected through an IPSec tunnel established by Submariner. The tunnel is based on the ens192 interface of the gateway nodes, and it also accesses the Submariner Broker component through the ens192 interface.

## Quick Start

## Install Spiderpool

1. You can refer to the [installation guide](./readme-zh_CN.md) to install Spiderpool.

2. Configure SpiderIPPool

    Create IP pools in two clusters separately, where MacVlan Pods will obtain IP addresses from their respective subnets for Underlay communication. Therefore, the subnet should correspond to the connected Underlay subnet. Here is an example of creating a SpiderIPPool:

>     Configure an SpiderIPPool in ClusterA:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configure an SpiderIPPool in cluster-a:
```
可以跟 yaml 里的写法保持一致，可以全文写法保持一致

    ```shell
    ~# cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: spiderpool.spidernet.io/v2beta1
    kind: SpiderIPPool
    metadata:
      name: cluster-a
    spec:
      default: true
      ips:
      - "172.110.100.1-172.110.105.200"
      subnet: 172.110.0.0/16
      gateway: 172.110.0.1
    EOF
    ```

>     Configure an SpiderIPPool in ClusterB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configure an SpiderIPPool in cluster-b:
```
ditto

    ```shell
    ~# cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: spiderpool.spidernet.io/v2beta1
    kind: SpiderIPPool
    metadata:
      name: cluster-b
    spec:
      default: true
      ips:
      - "172.111.100.1-172.111.105.200"
      subnet: 172.111.0.0/16
      gateway: 172.111.0.1
    EOF
    ```

3. Configure SpiderMultusConfig

>     Configure an SpiderMultusConfig in ClusterA:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configure an SpiderMultusConfig in cluster-a:
```

    ```shell
    ~# cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: spiderpool.spidernet.io/v2beta1
    kind: SpiderMultusConfig
    metadata:
      name: macvlan-conf
      namespace: kube-system
    spec:
      cniType: macvlan
      macvlan:
        master:
        - ens224
        ippools:
          ipv4:
          - cluster-a
      coordinator:
        hijackCIDR:
        - 10.243.0.0/18
        - 172.111.0.0/16
    EOF
    ```

>     Configure an SpiderMultusConfig in ClusterB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configure an SpiderMultusConfig in cluster-b:
```

    kind: SpiderMultusConfig
    metadata:
      name: macvlan-conf
      namespace: kube-system
    spec:
      cniType: macvlan
      macvlan:
        master:
        - ens224
        ippools:
          ipv4:
          - cluster-b
      coordinator:
        hijackCIDR:
        - 10.233.0.0/18
        - 172.110.0.0/16
    EOF
    ```

    > * Configuration of the host interface ens224 as the parent interface for Macvlan. Macvlan will create sub-interfaces on this network card for Pod use.
    > * Configuration of coordinator.hijackCIDR to specify the subnet information for the Service and Pods in the remote cluster. When a Pod is started, the coordinator will insert routes for these subnets into the Pod, enabling traffic to these destinations to be forwarded from the node. This facilitates better collaboration with Submariner.

### Install Subamriner

To install Submariner using the Subctl tool, you can refer to the official [Submariner documentation](https://submariner.io/operations/deployment/). However, when executing `subctl join`, make sure to manually specify the subnet for the MacVlan Underlay Pods mentioned in the previous steps.

```shell

> # clusterA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# cluster-a
```

subctl join --kubeconfig cluster-a.config broker-info.subm --clusterid=cluster-a --clustercidr=172.110.0.0/16

> # clusterB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# cluster-b
```
